Introduce Link prefetch behavior (#1020)
Shopify/hydrogen: packages/hydrogen/src/framework/docs/cache.md

└──
```

You can also preview the full-page caching headers in the network tab of your browser’s developer tools. The response header used is `cache-control-preview`.

![A screenshot of the response headers](/assets/custom-storefronts/hydrogen/response-headers.png)

> 

Reviewer: Should we mention that full-page cache must be disabled manually in the browser?

Author: Yep - added a section.

└──
```

> During development, be sure to disable cache in your browser's dev tools to ensure the latest changes are visible in your browser. For example, you can disable cache in Google Chrome dev tools by visiting the network tab.

Author: @mcvinci Mind taking a look at this? Do you think it's necessary to include a screenshot of the Chrome dev tools, or are developers familiar with this concept?

> During development, be sure to disable cache in your browser's dev tools to ensure the latest changes are visible in your browser. For example, you can disable cache in Google Chrome dev tools by visiting the network tab.

Reviewer 2: Hey @jplhomer! We don't need to add screenshot of Chrome DevTools. What we can do to help devs that might need a little more context is add a link to the Google Chrome's *Network features** reference -- specifically the section that instructs how to disable cache: 

```suggestion
> Note:
> During development, disable cache in your browser's developer tools to make sure the latest changes are visible in your browser. For example, you can [disable cache in Chrome DevTools](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/network/reference/#disable-cache) by visiting the **Network** tab.
```
